---
layout: post
title: "Happy New Year"
date: 2013-12-30 22:28
---

I know it's a day early, but as I'm writing this at 10 pm, most of you will read the post tomorrow anyway. Unfortunately my plans this year have failed and so I'm staying at home, but I definitely hope you're going to have a lot of fun somewhere. If you're a **Spotify** user by any chance, don't hesitate to check out my [playlist full of party music](http://open.spotify.com/user/lojewski/playlist/1ddI5eJymCrcAtTKMmy46J) and subscribe if you like it, I add new tracks every now and then.

Just make sure you know where the bed is and determine the fastest way to the toilet from there.

---

A lot of people are thinking about **New Year Resolutions**, like *I won't smoke anymore*, *I'll go to the gym regularly*, so on. While this is fun and all, to be completely frank, most of us either forget about these resolutions or simply ignore them. They are useful motivators to some people, however, and if even one person in a hundred will make his/her life better in some way because of them — great.

I am not really a person to have any resolutions to share with you, unfortunately. My life is very peaceful at the moment, not much is going on except for the university stuff and I have no idea what I'm going to do two months from now, might as well be in Brussels. As always, I just take every opportunity I can and hope for the best, so **New Year Resolutions** don't really work for me. All I can wish for is a job I really enjoy, otherwise maybe to better some personal matters and I'll be happy.

There's a lot of evidence in everyone's life, that whatever you do to others, bounces back at you. **Karma**, if you will. So how about instead of wishing yourself and others luck, we start helping each other, looking after people that are important to us and stop spreading hate, especially on the internet. Seriously — the resolutions should be centered on someone else, even if on no one in particular. If you want anything good in your life, go for it with all of your strength, but remember to help others on your way up — cause it bounces back at you — and let that be your **New Year Resolution**.

Moreover, people you meet climbing to the top will be there too should you fall, either to hold your hand or wave as you descend.
